--- TARGET AUDIENCE ---
Who this course is for:
Software Engineers
Quality Assurance Engineers
Software Testers

--- DESCRIPTION ---
Description

LLMs are everywhere! Every business is building its own custom AI-based RAG-LLMs to improve customer service. But how are engineers testing them? Unlike traditional software testing, AI-based systems need a special methodology for evaluation.

This course starts from the ground up, explaining the architecture of how AI systems (LLMs) work behind the scenes. Then, it dives deep into LLM evaluation metrics.

This course shows you how to effectively use the RAGAS framework library to evaluate LLM metrics through scripted examples. This allows you to use Pytest assertions to check metric benchmark scores and design a robust LLM Test/evaluation automation framework.




What will you learn from the course?

High level overview on Large Language Models (LLM)

Understand how Custom LLM’s are built using Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) Architecture

Common Benchmarks/Metrics used in Evaluating RAG based LLM’s

Introduction to RAGAS Evaluation framework for evaluating/test LLM’s

Practical Scripts generation to automate and assert the Metrics Score of LLM’s.

Automate Scenarios such as Single turn interactions and Multi turn interactions with LLM’s using RAGAS Framework

Generate Test Data for evaluating the Metrics of LLM using RAGAS Framework.




By end of the course, you will be able to create RAGAS Pytest Evaluation Framework to assert the Metrics of RAG- (Custom) LLM’s




Important Note:

This course covers Top 7 Metrics which are commonly used to Evaluate and test the LLM’s. Same logic can be applied to rest of any other metric evaluations.




Handson Experience:

Course provides Practice RAG -LLM for you for Handson, but at scripting phase, you need a basic subscription of Open AI to access their API’s (Minimal 10$ credit will suffice)




Course Prerequisites:

Python, PyTest basics are required to understand the Framework.

We have 2 dedicated sections at the end of this course which gives you necessary knowledge on Python & Pytest required to follow the course.

Basic knowledge on API Testing.







Who this course is for:
Software Engineers
Quality Assurance Engineers
Software Testers
Show more

--- CURRICULUM ---
Course content
13 sections • 59 lectures • 8h 43m total length
Collapse all sections
Introduction to AI concepts - LLM's & RAG LLM's
6 lectures • 44min
What this course offers? FAQ"s -Must Watch
Course outcome - Setting the stage of expectation
Introduction to Artificial Intelligence and LLM's - How they work
Overview of popular LLM"s and Challenges with these general LLM's
What is Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG)? Understand its Architecture
End to end flow in RAG Architecture and its key advantages
Understand RAG (Retrieval Augmented Generation) - LLM Architecture with Usecase
3 lectures • 19min
Misconceptions - Why RAG LLM's - cant we solve problem with traditional methods?
Should I use LLM data if the information in RAG is missing? - Best Practices
Optional - Overview how code looks in building RAG LLM's applications
Getting started with Practice LLM's and the approach to evaluate /Test
5 lectures • 30min
Course resources download
Demo of Practice RAG LLM's to evaluate and write test automation scripts
Understanding implementation part of practice RAG LLM's to understand context
Understand conversational LLM scenarios and how they are applied to RAG Arch
Understand the Metric benchmarks for Document Retrieval system in LLM
Setup Python & Pytest Environment with RAGAS LLM Evaluation Package Libraries
4 lectures • 31min
Install and set the path of Python in windows OS
Install and set the path of Python in MAC OS
Install RAGAS Framework packages and setup the LLM Test project
Python & Pytest Basics - Where to find them in the tutorial?
Programmatic solution to evaluate LLM Metrics with Langchain and RAGAS Libraries
5 lectures • 1hr
Making connection with OpenAI using Langchain Framework for RAGAS
End to end -Evaluate LLM for ContextPrecision metric with SingleTurn Test data
Metrics document download
Communicate with LLM's using API Post call to dynamically get responses
Evaluate LLM for Context Recall Metric with RAGAS Pytest Test example
Optimize LLM Evaluation tests with Pytest Fixtures & Parameterization techniques
3 lectures • 31min
Build Pytest fixtures to isolate OpenAI and LLM Wrapper common utils from test
Introduction to Pytest Parameterization fixtures to drive test data externally
Reusable utils to isolate API calls of LLM and have test only on Metric logic
Evaluate LLM Core Metrics and importance of EvalDataSet in RAGAS Framework
5 lectures • 47min
Understand LLM's Faithfulness and Response relevance metrics conceptually
Build LLM Evaluation script to test Faithfulness benchmarks using RAGAS
Reading Test data from external json file to LLM evaluation scripts
Understand how Metrics are used at different places of RAG LLM Architecture
Factual Correctness - Build a single Test to evaluate multiple LLM metrics
Upload LLM Evaluation results & Test LLM for Multi Conversational Chat History
5 lectures • 44min
Understand EvaluationDataSet and how it help in evaluating Multiple metrics
Important Note
Upload the LLM Metrics evaluation results into RAGAS dashboard portal visually
How to evaluate RAG LLM with multi conversational history chat
Build LLM Evaluation Test which can evaluate multi conversation - example
Create Test Data dynamically to evaluate LLM & Generate Rubrics Evaluation Score
4 lectures • 56min
How to Create Test Data using RAGAS Framework to evaluate LLM
Load the external docs into Langchain utils to analyze and extract test data
Install and configure NLTK package to scan the LLM documents & generating tests
Generate Rubrics based Criteria Scoring to evaluate the quality of LLM responses
Conclusion and next steps!
1 lecture • 4min
1 slide Recap of concepts learned from the course
Optional - Learn Python Fundamentals with examples
14 lectures • 2hr 4min
Python hello world Program with Basics
Datatypes in python and how to get the Type at run time
List Datatype and its operations to manipulate
Tuple and Dictionary Data types in Python with examples
If else condition in python with working examples
How to Create Dictionaries at run time and add data into it
How loops work in Python and importance of code idendation
Programming examples using for loop - 1
Programming examples using While loop - 2
What are functions? How to use them in Python
OOPS Principles : Classes and objects in Python
What is Constructor and its role in Object oriented programming
Inheritance concepts with examples in Python
Strings and its functions in python
Optional - Overview of Pytest Framework basics with examples
3 lectures • 32min
What are pytest fixtures and how it help in enhancing tests
Understand scopes in Pytest fixtures with examples
Setup and teardown setup using Python fixtures with yield keyword
Bonus Lecture
1 lecture • 1min
Bonus Lecture